Add sentence length linting to vale (#12494)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/summary.md

The unit for your metric (byte, second, request, query, etc.). See the [metric unit][7] page for more details.

When submitting custom metrics to Datadog, it is possible to change the [unit of measurement][1] that displays when hovering over the metric in your graph.

> **Note**: This does not change how a metric graph is displayed. It only changes the units of measurement that raw values are considered as, when hovering over a metric. Formatting is automatically applied for readability. For example, bytes (`B`) may be displayed as kilobytes (`KiB`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This does not change how a metric graph is displayed. It only changes the units of measurement that raw values are considered as when you hover over a metric. Formatting is automatically applied for readability. For example, bytes (`B`) may be displayed as kilobytes (`KiB`).
```
